[Music]
yeah it's me again and welcome to my
channel vixx say I'm so excited because
it lives because I will talk about the
skin how to care about to understand
your skin and I'm going to talk about
the skin care so let's get the party
started and keep watching because it is
very good to know skincare so I'm gonna
first start talking about the vitamins
which are very important for your skin
and first white vitamin a vitamin A
vitamin A is very important it helps for
the collagen production and for the
sales turnover and you can find vitamin
A in lots of stuff but the main the main
products you can find it is the egg yolk
and in any dairy products
so that's vitamin A the next item in
will go to is vitamin B vitamin D it is
very important vitamin as well and why
you can find vitamin base in the egg
yolk in the veggies and in the East and
vitamin B it's good for firmness of your
skin and great forcefully action
exfoliation of the skin for the firmness
of the skin and increase of the patency
the next vitamin is vitamin C vitamin C
it's a good vitamin to be able to get an
eye we know every time I the doctors
they say to us we have to get a vitamin
C so we keep ourselves healthy but
vitamin C is not only to be healthy but
for your skin to look good as well and
where we can find vitamin C we can buy a
pint vitamin C
the citrus fruits like lemons oranges
there is a lot of vitamin C in mango
papaya just just go look around just eat
your fruits citrus fruits and your skin
will look much happier somewhere else
you can find vitamin C is in the peppers
and in the tomatoes so I know some
people might represent martyrs but
they're very good for whitening sickly
fun day and the next vitamin we'll go to
is its vitamin D vitamin D develops new
cells and it is very important because
our skin always peels off so I would
suggest vitamin D if you go to the beach
and your skin starts peeling so just
take some extra vitamin D Oreos Chris
with vitamin D so the new cells can
regenerate and your skin will cut a cake
where we can find vitamin D vitamin D is
very important as well for the post and
I think there is like a lot a lot of
people suffering England's because it's
not that sunny and we look at most of
the vitamin D from the Sun and vitamin D
is not only important for our skin it's
very important for our pulse so it's
very important important too much so
it's very important to get vitamin D and
the best way to get vitamin D is from
the sun's out all for you I would
suggest you to cause as much as possible
to the Sun but try to stay away from
2:00 to 4:00 o'clock in these hours
because the Sun is very strong and do
use protection and try to use protection
for the skin at least 30 factor because
this
you just can make time well we can find
vitamin D if you don't have a chance to
go to the sea to the Sun or if you live
in a country where you don't see on the
Sun and it's constantly writing in ah
let's be thankful we have nice somebody
in England it could have been worse we
had worst hours we had few sunny days
and how we're hoping we're gonna get
more if no I will need to get some more
sense somewhere else because you can see
I'm already times I've been to Sweden
Sweden I know I got my son tank there
and I got some of it here and then yeah
I'm gonna go and visit Spain as well so
hopefully I get some more Sun get some
some more vitamin D so my bones and my
skin looks healthy so amen
where else we can find white amid a is
in the Sun in the egg yolk and in the
daily products so I've read a lot of
salmon to be fair I make sure I cook
twice a week salmon I didn't take out of
island I don't need a lot of dairy
products and without milk is not very
good for you after you reach 20 20
something because your body doesn't
digest normal milk so yeah I'm liking on
de products but sang-moon I do it a lot
and I think my skin quiet
looks quite healthy and at the moment I
don't have any foundation anything at
all on my face I just have moisturiser
and that's it so after have it so much
done on my face my fat my skin still
feels good and I think most of it is
because of my healthy diet and I don't
have a video just check it out with a
nutritionist and what kind of extra
nutrition I take explained in that video
which powder is for walls to be taken so
just go and have a look to learn more
where you can find all these vitamins if
you don't take them with your usual
foods anyway let's continue to the next
vitamin
and that vitamin E vitamin E it built
and and maintains healthy skin vitamin E
well we can find vitamin E in which food
we can find vitamin E in the nuts in the
wheat chain in all the greens so make
sure you get your grades with me
personally every time I eat meat or fish
I always make sure I put some green on
the plates of salads so for me that is a
rule because otherwise it's very hard
for my god that digests the foods and I
don't have to work so much to keep my
shape because I take enough and I don't
have to put so much effort of keeping my
skin healthy because it stays healthy
because of all the food I'm taking and
because I do know what to eat and what
to drink so that's why I'm doing this
video for you to learn and to try to
keep your skin and help healthy so next
important to talk about is the fast four
and the facts are very important of soft
skin when we can find this good fast our
skin we're not talking about the pig
parts
we're talking about the healthy fats we
can find them in the in some nuts we can
find them in some fish like we said the
salmon olive oil avocado
they're great for soft skinny
oh sorry for soft skin and the next
thing what we're going to talk about it
for healthy skin is the beauty I did
join my previous video the one I just
mentioned our I mentioned earlier that I
mentioned in my that in that video about
the beauty the one I found one which
helped me in tablet form it helped me do
for my hair to stay healthy when it was
falling down after a few horrible
session
with color correction so I just go and
have a look at that video and see which
built in because I thought helped me
after two months three months my hair
stopped falling down and it's been
keeping my health so healthy so just
have a look at the video so the building
is very important for healthy hair skin
and nails waving where else you can find
beauty nice in the peanut butter no
weird but just be careful how much easy
because you don't want to put in here in
the belly you just want to make your
skin and have your healthy so peanut
butter you can have that inside the
toast in the morning nothing bad about
that and then once you can find beauty
you can find beauty index and in the
whole brace so one whole grain toast
with a little bit like scramble is
perfect for your nails for your hair or
with protec better or with peanut butter
so there you go you can get your built
in from your breakfast straight away any
protein pickled eggs they contain
protein in the and your skin and nails
and hand is your protein so that's it
for all these vitamins so let's let's
wrap it around with all the vitamins and
how easy to remember the vitamin A
prevents aging vitamin A confound it
carrots broccoli spinach melon and many
more vitamin C promotes clarity can be
found in peppers strawberry orange and
live greens and the love and the next
vitamin E protects and against the
environment so it's very good in here
for you when you buy your creams
moisturizers you make sure that they
contain vitamin E because when the way
is too cold it's not good for the skin
or when the weather is too hot against
not too good so it's better to have and
let me just say because I did buy when
we're talking about that I bought that
all right Total Effects 71 motorized
serum and it's with CPF 20 so let's see
it says day if it contains vitamin E I
have to go and get the packet so seis
vegetables mutton spine lines and
wrinkles help skintimate acumen maintain
its moisture even even skin tone
appearance minimizes the look of pores
moutains and evens out skin texture and
has his brightness here the taste to
start for my skin appearance so
ingredients well it doesn't say anything
about vitamin e yo probably i should
change my my skin - so how to have been
using that for like a year now and I
don't know since they start use me I
don't even have to put any foundation
when I go to work because it's just not
nail it and I don't want just to reduce
foundation every day to block my pores
anyway I'm still happy with it but I'll
make sure by next time with vitamin A I
mean II so the next the next advice is
out give you it's exercise it is very
important to exercise because that's
good it's it's making your skin co firm
body feels great and yeah that's another
thing how to care about your head about
your hair out your skin about your body
and then the next thing I will say it's
about the Sun the Sun can bring to aging
losing use the elasticity of the skin
and it can drink wrinkles and everyone
knows that that's why it's good when you
get your moisturizer cream to be 30
factor or 20 - 20 because there is not
that many moisturizers with 30 factor
SPF but 22 Goods the next thing is make
sure you get enough sleep sleep it's
very important for healthy skin for not
to get wrinkles so make sure you get
enough sleep don't don't go to bed like
2:00 3:00 in the morning
and you have to get up at 7 I make sure
I get at least seven hours sleep during
the nights don't I never sleep during
the day but I sleep always in the
evening 9 10 7 8 hours that's the best
and you always have great skin so when
we're talking about the CPR in the
summer it's good to be 30 cpf in the
winter 15 is enough and most of the
foundations they have CPR 15 so it's
good to use that in the in the
especially I have one mark foundation in
sepia 15 that's why I put this
moisturizer because I want it more than
50 for the summer and I try to find 30
but couldn't find a like 30 and as the
highest would find so if you did find
dirt you let me know which brand you
found so I can have a look at that now
if you're smoking your skin will look
ill that's what they say and to be
honest I do smoke
[Music]
right but I do smoke cause my job
sometimes can be very stressful and
another's not excuse and I'll try my
best to quit it is very very hard for me
doesn't think I don't do much I don't
smoke
but I hardly actually drink to be fair
and while we're talking about the drink
that hope can bring to Russia's you can
make your skin look soil like you can
get all these red spots so if you all
will do it with the article not good for
the skin and the last thing is the
stress the stress can bring to admin and
rushes to try to keep calm so you always
look nice and healthy and yeah it's not
only good for the skin but for the whole
body so try to not have any stress have
a commonality wait if you're stressed I
do have a cigarette butt party doesn't
look skin as well anyway so that's all I
want to say today in this video I hope
you found it useful and please give
thumbs up and don't forget to like it
thank you and to share it and if you
haven't subscribed please do go and
subscribe because I will be posting
amazing videos and if you haven't seen
my other good to know videos very all in
the same playlist so just scroll down
and see what I posted before that video
thank you very much for watching and
I'll see you soon again bye
[Music]